Get in.
Will this do?
I told you we should eat something healthy.
Gosh, it wasn't that big of a surgery.
I mean, look at the food and the view.
There's also you.
I'm surrounded by things that are beautiful,
and that's enough to heal me.
I started...
getting hormonal therapy again.
I've given up on wanting a child, so you can stop getting therapy.
It hurts to see you receive injections...
2 to 3 times every week.
You shouldn't do it anymore.
Did you decide to give up on having a child because of me?
No, I got exhausted.
I'm done getting hurt just because I want a child.
My greed for a child...
only ended up giving you a hard time.
Let's stop having such a hard time.
I agreed to share this dream of yours,
but I let you down.
Do you want to try until we succeed then?
We'll be let down,
but get our hopes up again receiving the treatment.
Until when though?
Until we're too old to try?
Let's not waste...
our precious time...
and enjoy our lives and marriage.
(Episode 15: Love, What Can We Do About It?)
I know I'm being harsh,
but leave my daughter alone.
I don't care if you're blinded by love.
She shouted out to the whole world that she wanted to become a mother.
Know your place and marry someone you're fit for.
How dare you!
Saying that will send me to the underworld.
Not being able to have children isn't some kind of sin anyway.
I can only imagine the pain she felt.
Those poor kids.
Do Ah, your dad will be here soon.
I never thought you were a fuss.
Motherhood was new to you too.
I figured anyone would have it hard in your position.
But was it frustrating enough to abandon...
the both of us?
All I wanted...
was to breathe.
Do Ah, gosh.
Can you please stop crying?
All right, okay. I'm sorry.
Why are you still up?
Jae Young, Do Ah cried all day.
That's how all newborns are.
I feel...
like a breastfeeding robot.
I'll sleep with Do Ah,
so get a good night's sleep.
I want to put on my white coat and see patients.
I can even do well in an OR.
I have the skills to save a person's life.
You'll be able to after your maternity leave.
Time will fly,
and Do Ah will soon grow up.
Do Ah, there we go.
(100 Days, Thank You for Coming to Us)
The receiver can't be reached. You will be directed to voicemail.
She's not answering.
She should be here by now.
I know, but she's not picking up.
Are you sure she went to get her hair done?
Yes.
Jae Young, be honest with us.
Did something happen between you two?
Goodness.
All I've been hearing were Do Ah's cries,
but other sounds came to me at that moment.
The warm breeze and sun.
I could also feel those too.
That's when I was finally able to breathe.
So I went back home and worked on my research paper.
I felt alive again.
Back then, I didn't know it was postpartum depression.
When I finally made the connection, I denied it completely.
Finding happiness in motherhood...
and being a devoted mother...
isn't who I am.
I felt smothered whenever I saw you and Do Ah,
and I never imagined that you'd give up your teaching position.
I felt nothing but guilt toward Do Ah...
which is why I was scared to even look at her.
We've grown closer now though.
I'm glad.
Why don't we start over?
I'll help raise Do Ah now.
But I like where I am now.
When I was with you, I thought it was my best option.
But being a single dad isn't too bad.
I'm doing all right.
But I miss you.
Can't you possibly move on from Ha Ri?
Must I be the one...
to move on instead?
I'm heading out for my interview.
With the mom who's a photographer? I loved that piece on her.
The photos have a nice vibe too.
Can you ask if we can feature some photos of her and her kid?
- Sure. - Good luck out there.
The doors are closing.
(Dachae Media, Acknowledging Diversity)
Do I make you uncomfortable?
Wouldn't it be weirder if I said I wasn't?
What can I do to help?
Can you erase yourself from my life?
I don't have the ability to do that.
It may have started off as a miunderstanding,
but my feelings for you weren't light.
And...
unlike you, I don't know how...
to beautifully send off my one-sided love.
Let me hate you.
The arrow you randomly shot pierced right through my heart.
Then hate me. Resent me too.
You can also hit me if you want.
For making me shed tears,
you will have an unpleasant life.
Until I'm able to move on, you should pretend to be miserable.
That way, I'll hate you less and move on from you quicker.
- Ms. Jang. - Yes?
I have something to tell you.
I've given up on wanting a child, so you can stop getting therapy.
No, I got exhausted.
Mr. Han, it's me. Let's head out.
The mom is a photographer, and she wrote the baby journal...
from the child's point of view. It's fun and the photos are nice.
She's donating the royalties to a single parents charity.
She takes babies' first birthday photos for free for single parents.
I see. What a nice person.
Hello.
Hello. I'm Park Yeon Ho from "The Baby".
Hello. I'm Jung In Ah.
Mr. Han.
Mr. Han?
Okay. How did you think of writing from the baby's point of view?
I thought about...
what my baby was thinking.
Everything is brand new to the baby.
I thought everything must be fascinating.
The content is fun,
and the pictures are warm, so it stayed with me.
As I raised my child,
I started looking at the world from a different angle.
That may be why my photos changed as well.
Ra On raised me.
To wrap up,
let's take some pictures in front of your picture with Ra On.
Mr. Han.
Smile.
Please look at the camera.
Please give us a big smile.
Smile.
I can't smile.
I'll take this picture myself and send it to you.
I'm sure it'll have a similar tone.
Sure. Okay then. Please email it to me.
Thank you for making time for us.
I have a meeting to get to, so I'll get going first.
I'll be in touch.
The hardest part about breaking up with you...
was losing my best friend.
It's nice talking to you again like this.
Do you still hate me?
Back then,
I thought for sure...
that you'd put me first before having a baby.
I guess...
that's why I resented you even more.
I resented you too.
It felt like a death sentence back then...
when we did nothing wrong. We didn't know what to do.
All we could see was our own pain.
You're right.
That's why...
I made it really hard on you.
I knew it was over,
but I tried to hold on.
That's why you had no choice but to leave.
I was the one who couldn't handle it.
Yes, it was partly because of the baby issue,
but it's also because we weren't strong enough to endure it.
If we had stayed together,
we both would've become miserable.
I thought holding on was how you protect your love.
- Nice. How sweet. - Good.
Look at your mommy.
That's good. How sweet.
- Dad, please look here too. - Okay.
Look here.
I should've...
let you go for your sake.
That's what I should've done.
In Ah.
Are you happy?
Good.
That's all that matters.
Come back as I've come back.
Let's all live together again.
Do Ah.
How was it like being with your mommy?
Do you want to live with your mommy?
What's going on here? Why does it taste good when I'm stressed?
I know, right?
Why are you eating so aggressively? What are you guys stressed about?
My dad wants me to quit because we work late all the time.
Is he conservative? Do you have a curfew and stuff?
No. He's such a free spirit, he says to go somewhere...
with a good work-life balance.
What are you stressed about?
That photographer mom whom I met this afternoon for our piece...
I think she's Mr. Han's ex-girlfriend.
- Oh my gosh. - Is she pretty?
Yes, super pretty.
Should I tell Ms. Jang?
I shouldn't, right?
Why would you, if she's super pretty?
It's not like he cheated on her. No, don't tell her.
Right?
What about you? What's wrong?
I told Ms. Jang that I'm quitting.
- What? - Why?
I...
want to quit my job.
Why do you want to quit?
I have no reason to stay here anymore,
and it's not like baby care magazines have a vision.
The work isn't fun anymore.
Do you have another job lined up?
No, not yet.
Gosh, okay.
If you want to quit,
I have no reason to stop you.
Plus, the higher-ups have been telling me to reduce the staff,
but I've been holding up until now.
If there's a good opportunity, you should take it.
If there's a place you want to go, I'll help you get a job there.
But if that's not it,
why don't you give me a chance?
What chance?
I want to do my best...
to save the magazine with you all until you finally decide to leave.
And I should do something for you guys.
Yeon Ho probably expected to get a promotion...
when I became the editor-in-chief.
I'm sure she was disappointed,
but she works hard without ever showing that.
I should help her get a promotion just like how Ms. Shim did with me.
As for So Yoon,
I can't let her quit after only having done miscellaneous jobs.
I should let her write an article so she can add it...
to her portfolio for when she gets a job somewhere else.
And as for you...
You really don't listen to me.
These days, I do.
I told you to make a portfolio that's good enough...
to make yourself proud.
Well, did you?
You're very creative, so you come up with great ideas,
and you bring amazing photos.
And now, you're pretty good at writing articles too.
So I want to help you out a bit more.
I feel like you could do better, but that's just how I feel.
But most importantly,
it seems like you're leaving unsatisfied,
and that makes me feel bad.
So I'd like you to reconsider.
So what are you going to do?
It looks like our magazine is going to disappear soon.
Are you going to keep working here?
Well, I should since she's going to help me get promoted.
Hey, I have a huge affection for "The Baby" as well.
Not only do I like my job, but I like the people here.
I don't know what's going to happen, but I personally want to stay.
But that's just me. You should leave while you can.
I'm going to stay because I want to know...
what's going to happen to our magazine.
I really don't like Ms. Jang.
She's always scolding me, and she won't even let me quit.
But it looks like she has to fight against the company,
so I guess I should stay and help.
Yes, that's right. She can't fight alone.
We should stay and help.
Here. Let's do this.
- Good luck to us all. - Loyalty!
- Let's do this! - Let's do this!
Let's not waste our precious time...
and enjoy our lives and marriage.
Should we have a small wedding?
I'm not talking about an expensive one.
I'm talking about an actual small wedding.
What about our honeymoon? Is there a place you want to go?
Ha Ri, you're still capable of having kids.
You just have a lower chance than you did before.
So why would you give up?
You're giving up because you love me.
But what's going to be next?
I don't want...
a child to cause trouble between us.
See? We're already fighting.
I told you we need to endure uncomfortable conversations.
I told you we should never lose the fight.
But it looks like you've lost.
(Small weddings are all the rage.)
Why are you being so mean?
Let's be realistic.
Do you think love will get us through everything?
But what if...
there comes a moment where love doesn't solve everything?
- That won't happen. - Ha Ri.
You can still have a normal family.
Are you breaking up with me?
I'm giving you time to think about it.
You can live a life where you don't have to suffer...
or give up anything.
What...
Do you suddenly not like me?
If you're doing this for me, you're mistaken.
Get to your senses and think rationally.
Think about how selfish I was to cling onto you...
just so I could be with you.
I've been caught up with all the work at "The Baby",
so I'll go away for shooting photos tomorrow.
I don't know how long it'll take.
But we should think about it...
while we spend some time apart.
You're coming back, right?
It looks like...
you're the one who needs time to think about things.
So I'll let you take your time.
It'll be hard to be away from each other even for a second.
We'll miss each other so much that it will hurt.
I hope you regret it and come back.
It's the photo from Do Ah's first birthday party.
The money you gave me...
for the party and child support...
was donated under Do Ah's name.
Caring for Do Ah all day...
has been driving me crazy too.
I was too busy hating and resenting you...
to find time to understand you.
I'm sorry.
I could've applied for paternity leave,
but I considered caring for her to be your job.
We both thought so highly of ourselves growing up...
that our own self always came first.
We had to get what we wanted.
I still don't know what love is,
but I don't think it's nothing like selfish thing...
that we did to each other.
Is it because of Ha Ri?
After we ended things,
I started to see her romantically.
But just because it won't work with her...
doesn't mean that I'll go back to you.
My feelings were entirely different.
I see you've made up your mind.
But you do love Do Ah, don't you?
Being a mother...
doesn't mean that you must sacrifice everything.
Setting a good example as a successful career woman...
will make Do Ah proud too.
I guess you're really shooting me down.
Let's both live a life...
where our priorities lie with our own self.
Be the best doctor you can be,
and I'll be the best dad I can be.
The person you have reached is not available.
Did I Sang leave?
That must be.
He called to say that he's quitting.
He won't come back, right?
I'm not sure,
but he didn't say when he'd be back.
Wait...
Come out.
I know you're in there.
You can't leave like this.
How could've it been the end? Get out here!
I know you're in there.
(3 months later)
- We're late. - Gosh.
I received a verbal confirmation...
regarding the renewal of our toothpaste ad.
However, the company only suggested six months.
I'll try and score a longer deal.
They're asking for a presentation on the company magazine, right?
Yes, women's magazines will also give presentations as well.
The experience we have will give us a competitive edge.
- Here, let me. - Thanks.
- Thank you. - There you go.
How did it go with the advertisements?
CCJJ signed a contract...
of six months regarding its baby lotion.
Other companies said they would strongly consider it.
Which means that they won't.
That's what I got too.
I'm writing more ad proposals than actual articles.
Why is that?
So Ms. Jang...
Did you look at our financial statement report?
Yes, sir.
Then you must've seen the advertisement profit went down.
You asked for three months,
so I've been fending off our bosses,
but I'm in a tight spot too now.
We've been talking to some companies,
and I'm sure some of them will pan out.
I know how hard you've all been working...
which is why I want to take your side.
However, the executives are more than irritated.
You'll be hearing some news from up top soon.
Sure.
We wouldn't have to worry if we were able to score 10 ads annually.
But that's a big number for us.
Maybe it's because our special event on social media didn't work.
Why don't we hold a nationwide contest for a baby model?
Aren't we in this mess because we already spent too much money?
Since I punched in, I should go and raise some money.
- A lot would be nice. - Sure.
Get those advertisement contracts for us.
- Good luck. - See you.
(Media Proposal)
(Advertisement Proposal)
Also, you know...
how we always provide support.
I'm sure it'll be of big help to the product promotion.
- Yes, it'll help a lot. - That's right.
- Hello. Sorry we're late. - Hello. Sorry.
Have you been waiting long?
Here.
(A proposal for a baby walker song)
- Get that. - Okay.
Hey. Is your meeting not over yet?
I was at QK and just got back.
I'm going to the bookstore this afternoon.
- When will you be back? - I have no one to eat with.
- Darn it. - Okay. Work hard.
- Darn. I don't want to eat alone. - Darn. I don't want to eat alone.
- Where are you eating? - Over there.
Let's go.
You should take a look at our Precious.
No thanks. I'm not into stars.
Exactly. They're stars.
They twinkle in my heart.
I don't know.
- About what? - If older guys in our age...
look at young, pretty girls like that,
they say we're dirty old men leering at them.
Yes, it's just a prejudice,
but I don't watch on purpose to avoid hearing things like that.
Of course you're pure-hearted,
but what others think may be different.
At our age, I feel like we should be more dignified.
I'm just saying that out of concern.
I just...
like seeing young people passionately pursue their dreams.
Since I can't do that anymore,
it's comforting.
That's why... That's why I watch them,
but I guess it could look bad.
That's so cold.
Here you go.
Ha Ri.
Don't think about anything else.
"Ha Ri"?
That woke you up, didn't it?
Did you just risk your life to wake me up?
Aren't I brave?
Then let me be a little braver.
You must have nine lives.
Ha Ri. No. Hey you, Ha Ri.
(Cider)
Hey, you. Get back here.
Ha Ri.
You must be worried about me.
You don't have to try so hard to make me feel better.
You know I liked you, right?
Back then, you seemed cool, so I wanted to emulate you.
Everything you said and did...
seemed very special to me.
So...
if you feel like you did something wrong,
and felt like you're a loser,
just remember that there was someone who liked...
even your imperfections.
Please remember that.
Thank you.
You too. When people disrespect you and put you down...
for being clueless,
remember that there was someone...
who was comforted greatly by your words.
Thank you.
Before we go.
- Get home safely. - Bye.
Good night.
Because I've never been isolated due to a landslide.
Because I've never proposed before...
with my heart racing this much.
Where is he hiding?
We'll try to go with a clean image and make it as neat as possible.
- Should we make the light brighter? - Yes.
So...
They said the concept is wet tissues used in a palace,
and asked to make it look as fancy as possible.
Palace?
We don't live in a monarchy.
Fine.
Then let's make it a bit darker.
Okay.
You should just get mad instead.
I'm not having much fun.
I wasn't miserable, so I couldn't pretend to be.
Why would I get mad at you?
I don't hate you anymore.
You should get back to work.
I was worried that she hated me,
so why am I disappointed that she doesn't?
Eu Ddeum, just a minute.
Does Mr. Kim...
try to make you like girl groups too?
He doesn't if I get him photo cards or fangear.
My gosh.
That's so sad.
I was sad too, when I first heard...
about his daughter.
- His daughter? - Yes.
His daughter was so shy, that she had no friends,
and didn't want to go to school. So he scolded her.
And she didn't talk to him for three years.
Three years?
She locked herself in her room and only watched Precious,
so he watched them religiously so that he could talk to her.
Then he went to concerts with her,
and joined the fan club together.
Now they're like friends.
Although I feel like he's more into them now.
What...
Why does he have such a sad story?
I feel so bad.
Jung Karen, Kim Mi Kyung,
Lee Soo Hyun, Kang Yoo Ri,
Jun Ji Soo, Yoo Ra Jung,
Jung Karen, Kim Mi Kyung,
Lee Soo Hyun...
Kang Yoo Ri,
Jun Ji Soo, Yoo Ra Jung,
Precious. We'll protect you.
Ta-da.
- What's this? - Precious concert tickets.
Mr. Nam got them for me. He said they were hard to get.
My gosh. You need to have saved the world in your past life...
to get tickets like these.
I must have saved someone big in my past life.
Don't you feel like the contract negotiations will go well too?
Maybe they'll give us a year instead of six months.
Right. That's how I feel too.
I have a great feeling.
Let's go.
Precious concert tickets.
I heard you were in the fan club.
Can't you get them?
I'm not asking for anything in exchange for the ad contract.
I'm just asking.
My kid won't eat or study,
saying she wants to go to the concert.
Then... Do you think...
you can extend the contract...
from six months to a year?
Mr. Kim, I'm not asking you for a bribe.
I'm only asking because we're close.
And if you really do get me those tickets,
why wouldn't I extend the contract to a year?
Oh, I see.
I just happened to have their concert tickets.
My goodness.
My gosh, you brought these for me?
Revise the contract period to one year,
- and send it to them. - Okay, sir.
Thank you.
Okay, bye then.
Please give them back.
Give him back the tickets.
Why are you telling me to return what I got from him?
You obviously asked him to bribe you.
And even if he gave them to you as a gift,
you shouldn't have accepted them.
And most importantly, you can't expect him...
to give you those tickets just because you're close.
Eu Ddeum, what are you doing?
You should think before you talk, young man.
You need to learn how to be more flexible.
You're not good enough to do sales.
I was told not to let advertisers treat me unfairly when I do sales.
I've always thought of you as someone...
who's fair and rational.
I'd like to remember you like that.
And...
I hope we do business based on a fair relationship.
Please do me a favor, sir.
I'm sorry.
I guess I taught him too well.
Well, then...
I'll tell the company that you agreed...
to extend the contract period to a year.
Verbal agreements are also considered legally valid.
Thank you so much.
Hey, Sang Gon.
It hasn't been eight months yet.
Are your wife and the baby okay?
Okay, let me know once she's in labor.
Okay, bye.
This schedule isn't...
This is a lot.
It's not too bad.
The more you work, the more you get...
Do you think I'll get paid more? My pay has been the same for years.
- I'm sorry... - If you're really sorry,
then give me a little raise.
Gosh, I'm starting to miss I Sang.
I...
I suddenly miss him so much.
Didn't he come back? I heard someone saw him.
That's nonsense.
He has a very common-looking face.
So people easily get mistaken.
How is that face common?
Anyone would easily recognize him.
You're done, right? You should go home.
Get out of here.
My goodness, look at the time.
- See you. - Bye.
Mr. Nam, about the subfertile couple...
The wife got hospitalized because she might give birth prematurely.
Once they call, we need to go and film her giving birth.
But isn't that I Sang's...
I guess I could do it.
You need to answer your phone even if I call after midnight.
Okay.
Don't forget, okay?
If you even did the final interview, doesn't that mean you got the job?
They had already decided to hire me...
because they even explained what I'd be doing.
Then what was the problem?
I put my kids first.
They told me I won't be able to go home once we start doing projects.
So I instantly told them that I can't work there.
My husband works until late.
I can't leave the kids home all by themselves.
Why don't you find a babysitter?
Let's say I give the babysitter every single penny I earn.
In case I have to work on weekends,
I can't leave them with a babysitter all year.
Why can't companies have a daycare center?
We can't be the only ones who are struggling, right?
I don't know.
Hasn't I Sang called yet?
I feel like he's back.
But he hasn't called.
I'm guessing this might really be the end.
Do you think we're trying too hard...
to have what we can't have?
It's so hard to get a job!
It's so hard to love someone.
It's so hard to raise children!
It's so hard to get pregnant.
Why are you crying?
What about you?
Stop crying.
You made things awkward by crying all of a sudden.
You started talking about something sad.
Why are you sad about it when I'm totally fine?
I feel sad just by looking at you.
Have you lost your mind?
You look ugly. Stop crying.
You look ugly too.
Gosh, why is the weather so darn nice?
My goodness.
(Gugudan Tripe)
Hey.
Is Jeong Won taking care of Do Ah?
I take care of her for 4 days, and she takes care of her for 3 days.
Jeong Won moved to a place near my house.
- That's great. - Yes.
- Here. - No, it's okay.
Why? Has your drunken frenzy gotten worse?
Does it become hard to tell if you're an animal or not...
once you get drunk these days?
Gosh, stop talking nonsense.
I'm still taking medicine.
Oh, really?
It looks like you're being careful so you won't end up calling I Sang.
This is why I hate you.
It'd be great if you weren't always so obvious.
Just worry about yourself.
How are you doing? Are you dating anyone these days?
Who would want to date a divorced guy with a kid?
The world isn't that generous.
There are tons of reasons why one shouldn't love anyone.
No one's perfect in this world.
No one's disqualified to love.
You either haven't found anyone yet, or you let someone go.
But you can't live your life without ever loving someone.
Do you really think love forgives all?
Must you sacrifice yourself for the other person...
in order to call it true love?
You were always like that.
Every time you fell in love, you lost yourself.
You always put the other person first.
So look back on how you loved people.
You're not disqualified.
So it's time you love someone properly.
That might be why I Sang left you.
Do you think so?
I think he had already planned not to come back when he left.
Hey.
You're such a waste.
You're a really great person.
You're lovable, and you deserve to be loved.
But if you live all by yourself without anyone knowing it,
it'd be such a waste.
Meet someone who sees you for who you really are.
And if I Sang was that kind of person,
I'm sure you'll meet him again soon.
Ha Ri, good luck.
Hey.
You're going to come back again for tripe, right?
How can I come to this place when you're a regular here?
If we happen to cross paths,
I'll have to pretend to be friends with all my might.
I can't be bothered.
Ha Ri,
I wish you luck.
- I'll get going. - Take care.
(Gugudan Tripe)
How is one supposed to love?
Yes, Sang Gon.
Right now?
I'm on my way.
Mr. Nam, the baby is on its way.
Can you meet me at the hospital?
I'll text you the address.
I'll call you back.
Where's Ji Hye?
She's getting ready for childbirth.
I was asked to step outside for a second.
The doctor said her membranes ruptured prematurely,
but it's been sorted out.
I'm glad.
No filming will be allowed in the delivery room...
since there could be an emergency.
You should get it done right now.
Got it.
She'll soon give birth. You may head inside.
- Sure. I'll get going. - Of course.
(Nam Soo Chul)
(Main Building 2nd Floor)
- Please pick up. - The person you have reached...
Why isn't he picking up?
(Nam Soo Chul)
(Main Building 2nd Floor)
(Oh My Baby)
I missed you.
Though it may bring misery, I want to be with you.
With a child or without one,
I wish to be happy.
As if there's much to happiness.
A morning like this is the definition of it.
You agreed not to be kind to just about anyone.
I'm only kind to the people I like.
An enormous gold pig ran toward me like a rhinoceros.
It's a conception dream!
It's a conception dream, right?
You may come in.